4.7:add littlefs scripting info (#6564)
ArduPilot/ardupilot_wiki: common/source/docs/common-lua-scripts.rst

Getting Started
===============

> - Ensure your autopilot has at least 2 MB of flash and 80 kB of memory.  Higher powered autopilots like the CubePilot Cube Orange and HolyBro Durandal will certainly work well but check the specifications of your :ref:`autopilot <common-autopilots>`. Scripting is not available in F4 based autopilots.
> - Autopilots must have an SD card to store the script unless the user builds his own firmware and embeds it directly in the firmware (see :ref:`common-oem-customizations`), or certain dataflash logging chips are included on the board. Check the autopilot's firmware limitation list to be sure int includes ``AP_SCRIPTING_ENABLED`` (see :ref:`common-limited_firmware` for directions on how to do this)
> - Set :ref:`SCR_ENABLE <SCR_ENABLE>` to 1 to enable scripting (refresh or reboot to see all ``SCR_`` parameters).
> - Upload scripts (files with extension .lua) to the autopilot's SD card's ``APM/scripts`` folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Ensure your autopilot has at least 2 MB of flash and 80 kB of memory.  Higher powered autopilots like the CubePilot Cube Orange and HolyBro Durandal will certainly work well but check the specifications of your :ref:`autopilot <common-autopilots>`. Scripting is not available on 1 MB autopilots.
- Autopilots must have an SD card or compatible dataflash to store the script, unless the user builds his own firmware and embeds it directly in the firmware (see :ref:`common-oem-customizations`). Compatible autopilots include ``AP_SCRIPTING_ENABLED`` in their firmware limitation list (see :ref:`common-limited_firmware` for directions on how to check this).
- Set :ref:`SCR_ENABLE <SCR_ENABLE>` to 1 to enable scripting (refresh or reboot after to see other ``SCR_`` parameters).
- Upload scripts (files with extension .lua) to the autopilot's ``/APM/scripts`` folder. This can be done using MAVFTP to access the storage while in the autopilot, or by removing the SD card and using a PC.
```

Thanks for keeping track of this! This cleans up the language a bit (scripting works fine-ish on Cube Black, an F4 autopilot), and provides guidance on how to upload to the dataflash. MAVFTP might need a wiki link, I'm not sure what docs we have on that.

Getting Started
===============

> - Ensure your autopilot has at least 2 MB of flash and 80 kB of memory.  Higher powered autopilots like the CubePilot Cube Orange and HolyBro Durandal will certainly work well but check the specifications of your :ref:`autopilot <common-autopilots>`. Scripting is not available on 1 MB autopilots.

Reviewer 2: "CubePilot Cube Orange and HolyBro Durandal"
I realize they are partners, but do we need to shill them in the docs? 

I remember working to change Pixhawk to autopilot..

Author: historical, but I can change
